Release v0.10.2 (#82)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.10.2

* Fixes

>   * add `:inets` to to `:extra_applications` to ensure started
>   * fix issue that was allowed unresolved atom keys in `:fwup_public_keys`
>     config which would break firmware updates by failing to validate
>     the public key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fix issue that was allowed unresolved atom keys in `:fwup_public_keys`
    config which would break firmware updates by failing to validate
    the public key
  * Add missing dependency on `:inets`
```
